micro service,
1. Do you follow any microservice design pattern? like saga, db per service, gateway, aggregator, circuit breaker, cqrs

.net
1. How do you authenticate or authorize web api?
2. I have multiple screens with multiple roles and scopes, how do you handle performance?
4. I have a system with limited licence at 10, I have multiple apps running in my org which requests data from that system, handle failure
5. What are the ways you can register Services and its Lifetime in .net
6. How to use scoped service from singleton service In worker service, you might have registered your hosted service or Background service , which is registered as singleton service lifetime
- background service you override some execute methods and call your service for executing the background job
- instead of injecting the job service, we inject the service provider, using that we create scope and scope service to handle job
7. Do you follow any architectural design pattern?

c#
1. why do we need async await c#?
Increase the performance and responsiveness of your application particularly when you have long-running operations that do not require to block the execution.
2. Difference Between Ref and Out in C#?
Ref bi-directional and Out is unidirectional
3. Why do we use using block in c#?
dispose and dispose pattern implemented in the variable in using block
4. Can interface have default methods?
yes and the methods can be Reabstraction
5. try catch
6. withdraw
7. Task.WaitAll why do we use
Task.WaitAll(task1, task2, task3);

ef
1. how to you load Related Entities in EF?
by using include
2. what is eagerly loading? 
entity also loads related entities, achieved by use of the Include method and pass lamda to the property .Include(b => b.Posts)
3. multiple levels eagerly loading? 
same include with Lamda to the property with Select .Include(b => b.Posts.Select(p => p.Comments))
4. Lazy Loading in EF?
if we have a viritual collection property -> public virtual ICollection<Post> Posts { get; set; }
5. How will you turn off lazy loading for serialization?
make property non-virtual
6. How will you Turn off lazy loading for all entities?
in the context config set Configuration.LazyLoadingEnabled = false;
7. Difference between lazy loading and eager loading?
eger loading - Generailly when relations are not too much like User property of an Article. Category property of a Product
lazy loading - Almost on every collection side like Articles of User or Products of a Category and you are not using related entities instantly.
db context when disposed lazy loading could not take place, then eager loading is beneficial

db
1. can a table have multiple primary keys?
no
2. can a primary key include multiple column of a table?
yes
3. i have location information and i am querying the table with wildcard, how to improve performance?
index db like elastic search or solr

devops
1. do you follow a specific branching strategy
2. where do you organize common reusable components for your micro services
